Hello.
Welcome back everybody.
In today's video we're going to begin with a data pre-processing part of this process and we're going
to start with feature engineering.
All right.
So let's begin right away.
First we of course import libraries in these new script again.
Are there going to be Pandurs Empire which in this period we're not going to use the pipeline.
SEABORNE libraries random in time.
One more thing I'm going to do here is to set up a seat and you guys remember me from the previous studies
there.
I like to set up seeds before I do any kind of model here so I can replicate all the resource I'd done
before.
OK so we set up our seat.
We read our data set against the financial data at CSB file.
And let's begin with the engineering.
So now the first step to do in the future engineering aspect is not going to be a really feature engineering.
It's just going to be getting rid of the column that we found to be kind of faulty.
And that was the months employee column we realized that for some reason the caller was congregating
for the most part on the 0 value.
So we're going to get rid of it because it's actually not an accurate representation of the data and
we can move forward with a better model because of it.
So we said that data file or that variable US itself minus the column that we are removing.
And in this case is columns equal months employed.
So we get rid of this.
We run it and actually we got rid of that call.
Now the next step is actually the real engineering.
And to do that we have to remember that we have a column called personal account M that tells us how
many months the person has had in their personal account and we have a similar call them personal accounts.
Why that is how many years that person has had with that credit card that they have now this is a two
part data set.
So if a person has been in with that credit card for two years and two months or two years in three
months then one column would say two years and they all call him say three months.
OK.
So in order to get a more centralized field that has to represents a time since greater account was
created.
We're going to combine these two columns and convert it into a Oberle month's column and how we're going
to do that.
Well let me show you.
We first are going to decide what field to call this new column and it's going to be called just personnel
count months.
Okay that's all good.
And this is going to be the result of the faultline is going to be the result of data set that personal
account am plus the multiplication of the years times 12 because each year represents 12 months what
we're going to do is we're going to multiply all of the years that a person has been in the count with.
So personally I can't underscore why.
And we're going to multiply by 12 that's going to give us how many months.
All those years represent we add that to the Montse variable and we end up with the real set of months
that we have had to look out for.
OK.
So we run this an excellent.
It worked.
And if we want to see how this looks let's take a quick look at those three fields that we just created.
And let me actually copy this right here and it's going to make it easier for us to select.
So the first is going to be the months the second field is going to be the year and their field is going
to be that count that we created or the field that we created.
So personal account months.
Right.
So we run this.
I actually wish to run that with the head command so that we get the top W's and let's look at the results
in the terminal.
So here in the console we can see that for the first row the person has been with the account for two
years and six months.
Okay.
That means that the person has been 24 months plus six which is 30 months.
And this is exactly what we get on a personal or can month column.
So we have that in these the convert into one to still represent how much time it has been since the
personal with that count.
And just to double check here and the second row we have seven years which is what eighty four months.
But is 86 and is 86 months right here exactly what we expected it to be.
So we have finalized our part.
So before we finish all we have to do is get rid of the columns that we just utilize.
So again we said the data set to itself minus the columns that we are remote.
And in this case is the Mont. column that we originally had in the column and there should be it we
run this.
That gets removed and we're finalized with the feature engineering part.
Thank you very much for watching.
In the next video we're going to begin the one hiding coding aspect.
And we're going to also get rid of the response variable from our dataset.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next period.